Long story short...
-------------------
For the impatient user, the following steps will get you up and running in no time:

0) Install the dependencies. If using Ubuntu:
sudo apt-get install libzmq-dev cmake-curses-gui libboost-python-dev libboost-dev python-dev libeigen3-dev libmuparser-dev python-matplotlib

1) Browse to the folder where you want to compile the program
cd /tmp

2) Clone the BitBucket repository
git clone git@bitbucket.org:danachristen/poisson1d.git

3) Create a build and an install folder inside the source tree
cd poisson1d && mkdir build && mkdir install && cd build

4) Invoke CMake in the parent folder
cmake ..

5) Compile
make -j

6) Run the test suite. All of them should pass! :)
make test

7) Install
make install

8) Everything is ready one level up, in the install folder!
cd ../install

Dependencies
------------
The following packages are required in order to compile the library :
 - CMake 2.8
 - ZeroMQ 2.x
 - Python 3.x or 2.x (with header files)
 - Boost (standard header files and Python component)

In Ubuntu, these packages can be installed with the following command:
sudo apt-get install libzmq-dev cmake-curses-gui libboost-python-dev libboost-dev python-dev

The following packages are also needed but are included in the repository. If they are missing, they will be compiled automatically:
 - Eigen 3.2
 - MuParser 2.x

In Ubuntu, these packages can be installed with the following command:
sudo apt-get install libeigen3-dev libmuparser-dev

To display a nice graph of the solution, the driver script uses Matplotlib:
 - Matplotlib

In Ubuntu, Matplotlib can be installed with the following command:
sudo apt-get install python-matplotlib

In current Ubuntu releases, Matplotlib is only available for Python 2.x. Both versions of Python are supported by this project and they are auto-detected by the build system.

Compiling and installing
------------------------
Building the progam is done according to the steps described above. All unit tests must pass for the program to run correctly.

The program can be compiled in Release mode (with -O3 -DNDEBUG flags) for improved performance. This can be done by browsing to the build folder and invoking the following command:
ccmake .
To reconfigure the build tree, move the cursor to the CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE field, press Enter, type "Release", press Enter again and hit the 'c', 'g' and 'q' keys. Then, recompiling with
make
make install
will build the whole program in Release mode.

Please note that the test suite is disabled in this mode, since all assert statements are removed by the preprocessor.
